Item 1A. Risk Factors The Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described in Part I, Item 1A of the 2025 Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the Company’s risk factors since the 2025 Form 10-K. The Company’s products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the Company’s business and result in harm to the Company’s reputation. The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services. Defects can also exist in components and products the Company purchases from third parties. Component defects could make the Company’s products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Company’s products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. In addition, the Company’s service offerings can have quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, from time to time the Company’s services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet user expectations. The Company’s products and services may also be used in unintended ways, or in a manner that its users allege is harmful. The introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences. The Company may not be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers, which can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Company’s products and services. Errors, bugs and vulnerabilities can be exploited by third parties, compromising the safety and security of a user’s device. In addition, the Company can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible as