Item 1A. Risk Factors The following summarizes factors that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company may not be able to accurately predict, control or mitigate these risks. Statements in this section are based on the Company’s beliefs and opinions regarding matters that could materially adversely affect the Company in the future and are not representations as to whether such matters have or have not occurred previously. The risks and uncertainties described below are not exhaustive and should not be considered a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties that the Company faces or may face in the future. This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K. Macroeconomic and Industry Risks The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company has international operations with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales. In addition, the Company’s global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Company’s supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the U.S. As a result, the Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, financial market volatility, declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors. Uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can also have a significant impact on the Company’s suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular n